CASMCMS-9423/CASMCMS-9448: Remove/update docs for removal of CPS/DVS, long-deprecated csm-config playbooks (#5994)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: introduction/deprecated_features/README.md

### Removals in CSM 1.7

> - The [Content Projection Service (CPS)](../../glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and the

Reviewer: `Projection of root filesystem and PE images via` the [Content Projection...

  [Data Virtualization Service (DVS)](../../glossary.md#data-virtualization-service-dvs)

>     - Replaced by the [Scalable Boot Projection Service](../../glossary.md#scalable-boot-projection-service-sbps).

Author: ```suggestion
- Support for projecting root filesystems and PE images using the [Content Projection Service (CPS)](../../glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and the
  [Data Virtualization Service (DVS)](../../glossary.md#data-virtualization-service-dvs)
    - This projection is now done using the [Scalable Boot Projection Service](../../glossary.md#scalable-boot-projection-service-sbps)
```

### Deprecated in CSM 1.6

- The `sat swap cable` and `sat swap switch` commands are deprecated. Use [Slingshot](../../glossary.md#slingshot) Orchestrated Maintenance to remove and add Slingshot switches and cables. For more information, see the *HPE Slingshot Operations Guide (S-9000)*.

> - The [Content Projection Service (CPS)](../../glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and

Reviewer: `Projection of root filesystem and PE images via the` [Content Projection...

> - The [Content Projection Service (CPS)](../../glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and
>   [Data Virtualization Service (DVS)](../../glossary.md#data-virtualization-service-dvs)
>     - These are being replaced by the [Scalable Boot Projection Service](../../glossary.md#scalable-boot-projection-service-sbps).

Author: ```suggestion
- Support for projecting root filesystems and PE images using the [Content Projection Service (CPS)](../../glossary.md#content-projection-service-cps) and the
  [Data Virtualization Service (DVS)](../../glossary.md#data-virtualization-service-dvs)
    - This projection should instead be done using the [Scalable Boot Projection Service](../../glossary.md#scalable-boot-projection-service-sbps)
```
